ah my first day off and however long
it's been nothing to do but just
relax all right all right I'm up and if
I'm going to be doing Tech stuff anyway
I might as well hang out with my peeps
from you know float plane YouTube Billy
Billy me and you were
here cable management time and more now
that this TV is unexpectedly no longer a
business expense I was thinking maybe we
should mount it to the center of the
wall and not with drywall anchors so
we're going to pull it off and throw it
back on with a sheet of plywood which
will be great uh I mean it was probably
seismically safe just like this segue to
our
sponsor SE Sonic their focus plus 750 W
power supply is fully modular and
features both an 80 plus gold efficiency
rating and a 10year warranty learn more
and pick one up for yourself at the link
in the video description realistically
you guys want to get out of here
probably pretty soon so let's get this
off reposition and get you guys out of
here are we doing this thing yeah please
don't hurt yourself again can you not
where are we going with it though um
that's a good question I think that's
probably our best bet my side's stuck oh
heyo
oh boy how we doing how we doing buddies
we're fine we're fine we're fine don't
worry okay it's coming down man that was
much easier this time I wasn't here
that's all that holds this thing up and
the screw doesn't get tight enough to
keep it from rotating what look at these
tggo BTS it's not even wiggling you were
worried that it wasn't going to hold up
and it is I was more concerned about
seismically stable than whether it was
actually going to stay did Elijah work
on this what the heck
no I didn't this is terrible like what
we' got a glory hole here and
everything doesn't go anywhere there's
no glory oh yeah oh my God I'm helping
Elijah can we have like one of those
blankets please yes sir well no I mean
you were asking for it yeah this seems
fine seems fine did you want to patch
and paint this before we do anything
what do you mean this is patched oh yeah
oh it's so lovely look how patched it is
this is the first thing we need to deal
with we've got our scary 240 volt to
standard North American adapter cable
here but unfortunately with the bulky
ends it doesn't fit through the conduit
to the TV which is why it's running
through a hall I just need to remove LTT
the end of this Cable store with the
Twist and loock connector.com with my
trusty screwdriver go ahead and remove
that sponsor block then I got to
transplant it onto this after we've run
it through the walls El you ready to
climb through the walls always am I love
the enthusiasm but that's really not how
you pull cable through a wall what
climbing through the wall yeah well how
do you do it then I know it's we're
working with him if there's one thing I
know about myself it's that I never know
what I'm going to do so I ran conduit
between here in the mechanical room
between here and a potential TV location
up there between here and potential
projector location up there and between
here and that closet over there so we're
going to take this 240 volt power which
I unexpectedly needed cuz I bought a
Chinese TV and we're not going to put it
there we're going to put it
here you want to help feed this to me
the idea is that we're going to carry
this all the way back to the mechanical
room now we got to lube it up why
there's some '90s there's like 390s here
so it can be a little bit challenging
especially cuz there's already some
stuff in there I was kind of joking but
I've never actually pulled like cable
through conduit as long as you have a
pull wire it's super simple if you don't
then it can be a little bit more
complicated kind of fishing a thing
through but basically all we need to do
is take the end of this and a new pull
wire so that we will always have a pull
wire there and tape them to the existing
P cord which not going to lie little
confused right now uh I'm going to go
check the other end okay nope moves
freely from this end weird new plan
Elijah okay we're going to take a cable
that was already in there that has an
extra 30 ft on it long story and we're
going to use that to pull the other
wires then pull it back okay it'll be
great do you want to pull or do you want
to push uh I will push I feel like
there's less responsibility actually
pushing is way harder cuz you got to
manage all of this without getting
tangled up then I will pull cool okay
time for Luby Merson to do his
work Elijah were you you know going to
pull it I think I think it's this cable
coming out right here um um Elijah I
don't know if I'm supposed to be pulling
yet oh I'm
stuck ah he's calling me hey buddy hi
were you going to pull on the cables at
all or I am pulling okay yeah you got to
pull with your arm strength it's like 20
ft above me bro you got
this oh wait hold on I got a Lube bit I
got a Lube bit just a
sec Elijah just can you relax and just
pull the cable I'm trying to pull the
cable okay okay hold on let me pull it
back a bit then just pull evenly and
slowly like like how you're pulling a
cable okay not not in a jerking motion
I'm not doing it in a jerking motion can
I try sure please do please do
try get stuck yeah like it it like it
I'm stuck at the same spot for a
while she's going hey we made it you
know what I think the problem was as
soon as most of the inside was lubed it
was smooth sailing it's just that these
Corning cables have a bit of a rubbery
sheath on them compared to a a pole wire
which is slicker and designed for this
so I think it was getting quite jammed
up in there all right nice okay that's
it guys please tell me it's going to
make it to the
rack yeah Elijah don't worry you wait
for me I'll get this tape off well it's
your house yeah by the way a big one for
me when I'm pulling cables resist the
temptation to put two different pieces
of tape on it resist because when you're
unwrapping it you will be very unhappy
uh were you guys sure this is going to
reach to the rack oh I didn't realize I
need to go all the way down there oh
yeah she uh she sits she sits but barely
we're just going to move the rack there
Jake was giving me a hard time about not
putting down the feet keeping it on
Wheels ha who's the idiot now Jake
Checkmate boom right there awesome
should have measured that before we put
it in in the wall okay our plan is we're
going to do the outers with normal
screws and then the inners with legs leg
I mean we could probably just use normal
screws for everything right fine your
wall yeah I mean realistically it's
going to be better than what we had
which was drywall anchors good ones
togglers they work just fine but dryw
anchors if you want stands right there
if you wanted to have a mark That's like
right here yeah it's not my house so
[Laughter]
he laughs but then that's actually what
he's doing okay
Elijah oh he really is me yeah you
really Elijah that one
up Elijah is not a
[Applause]
verb
jeez
I'm these are the do dads to keep it
from whacking the wall and we didn't put
those on before because we were told it
was just temporary I wasn't entirely
sure what they were for and the manual
is in Chinese yeah I I don't read that
really yeah unfortunately you look like
you would read Chinese I read a Chinese
menu L you still have
[Laughter]
the were we going to run that HDMI cable
as well balls yes where's the pulling
stuff ah theoretically again the cable
that I had running along the floor is
long enough but I'm not 100% sure
Elijah's first cable pull this is so
sweet okay what am I doing am I just
like pouring it on like sauce like sure
okay you show us how you would Lube
something well I I have no
experience you got to move your diamond
play button what a 1% issue to have the
Lube's not coming I'm trying to get the
lube
out it's not laughing i' I've never done
this before bro just just just just get
Lube on it and then I'll pull it you got
to keep putting Lube on while you feed
it really the whole time yeah the whole
time why so that it continuously has
Lube on it yeah give me to pull back or
nope oh uh yeah I got it all oh okay
cool got it uh I felt it oh yeah it's
there I just can't can't okay do you is
it there though I feel it's I feel it
but it it keeps disappearing I don't
know where it's going uh sorry maybe
it's going back up into the conduit yeah
I think so that can happen sometimes on
the toilet you just got to make
sure stop I don't think my fingers are
do you have it though no I my fingers
aren't long enough well okay is it there
or not yes it is there I keep how about
now you're a
jerk I was like I don't know where it's
going okay TV back on wall TV back on
wall ready 1 2
3 how can you guys say this is not 400
pound I'm pretty sure the Box weight was
right oh guys it's not centered I'm
kidding I'm totally I'm I'm totally
kidding 100% kidding it's it's perfect
it's ready to throw
hands let's get this HDMI boy over here
you can pull it out more maybe I just
need some lube oh I have it upside
down I am going to have to clean this
thing yeah actually it's got a ton of
fingerprints that's going to be a bit of
a chore
it's going to take a minute you
know first world problem sorry I need I
need an hour to Cle clean my TV with
that off the honeydew list it's time to
take care of something that I should
have done a long time ago what is this
there's no charging cables for the
headphones so they run out of battery
half the time there's cables all over
the place and the risk of accidentally
unplugging something with your foot very
high so we've got iicon on one side
we're going to have all the power bricks
for the monitor or the icon itself all
in the center and then on this side
we're going to have our power bar or
whatever side is closest to the outlet
that makes it best I can't see through
the cables they're
everywhere I'm in jail are these metal
oh perfect they are okay so just for
something simple like this I probably
won't need that 3M backing I can kind of
just get it all bunched up put in our
little comb here and stick awesome yeah
I just don't want a dangling for someone
to kick or something like that that's
pretty good so Glenn was just asking me
like what actually these little iicon
silver docks are that I'm plugging
everything into in case you've missed it
in a past video lonus explained that it
passes all of the USB from the computers
that are in the server room to a similar
dock like this all just through the
fiber cable here which is actually
pretty sweet you can get all of your
front IO your rear IO a USB just coming
right through this fiber cable which is
kind of the only thing that makes it a
cool setup all the heat is over there
everything else is a mess and it's
chaotic man I'm ready for this got my
cable ties and different lengths got my
cable arches and different sizes H why
is this wall plate just hanging out step
one is to fix these display port wall
plates that we set up ages ago with
these
extensions the shorter the run and
therefore the less loss we have the
better with these fiber optic cables
that are running through the walls and
then we should decide on one orientation
for these so let's go uh cut off up cuz
we're tops when it comes to cutting
Corners that's how you can remember I
rely on little memory tricks like that
when I'm doing a repetitive job
otherwise I have absolutely no chance
like half of them will be one way and
half of them will be the other way boy
if you want to put that on the wall you
got to take the outer plate off first
what what Elijah told me to put the
outer plate on I told you to put the
outer plate on well how are you supposed
to screw the inner plate on if the outer
plate is on well no it goes through the
inner plate no it doesn't what no
there's two screws there's the long ones
those go in the inner plate and then
there's the short ones that go through
the outer plate are you joking right now
no I'm not that's what I did with that
one well what how' you I was like I told
you I was like oh it's not centered and
you're like oh it's fine what what do
you don't no don't investigate now I
didn't know what have you done over here
nothing nothing nothing you know have
you ever heard the expression she
doesn't find you handsome she better
find you handy or something like that
yeah yeah which one are
you thanks buddy I am none oh I see what
you did so I did it right no oh no no I
see what you did I didn't say it's
right you had three extra
screws and a miss a misalign thing and
you okay well no if you get it in and
extra screws are just bonus this is for
all the Zoomers out there there's four
holes that matter okay you got your
inner ones okay those go into
here I'm starting to get it
now I was so
confused see when you said it wasn't a
line properly they didn't cut out large
enough drywall cutouts for all of them
so I thought that that's what you meant
cuz I thought these holes were the ones
going into what you're screwing into now
no but these are just to go onto the
display
port now what I was kind of thinking for
all the random cables under the desk was
we could just take one of the Mondo
extra large ones okay and then just like
hang everything from it and just as long
as it's toward the back you won't really
see it y that sounds good to me cool one
of those things with cable management is
it always gets really ugly before it
gets
good so
but once it comes together it comes
together really quick well it's not
about the look under the desk it's about
the look of under the desk man this
looks so much better from when you don't
do that yeah well that's fine yeah which
is the goal right yeah that's why
there's sit stand we can keep lowering
it keep going down until it looks good I
know you got these as well yeah where
did you want these these hold both your
headset and controller right yeah these
are super cool I didn't realize when I
bought them from the pictures on the
website that these are just 3D printed I
noticed that yeah yeah the point is
they're cool they're 3M mounted I don't
see I mean I'm sure we could put a screw
in it if they end up having a problem
but I was kind of thinking like oh there
but not there I guess like there sure
right then I'll do that I'll do this one
cool we'll see who can be done first
it's a race I can't get the I can't get
the three can't how close to the front
are you oh I already I already put it oh
interesting okay so you're aligned with
the front yeah sure yeah that was not
what I meant but close enough not going
to lie kind of sick um how's the cable
go the cable cuz you said you wanted to
plug the cable in but the cable for the
controllers is right in the top middle
yeah so I was thinking about that just
now I have an idea you're probably not
going to like
it oh that's definitely 3
pin quality that's not that bad right no
no no and then just have to kind of you
know or something oh so you don't ever
want them Wireless they're all going to
be wired yeah they'll just be wired all
the time okay I think the idea was to
have these hubs on top of the desk cool
so I'm kind of feeling we scooch the
desk pads right aligned but then with
like maybe like a 1 cm Gap or something
like that okay and then these
hubs can sit right there and we can just
uh double-sided adhesive them I have a
variety of options for mounting the hubs
okay this is super cool stuff it's like
a micro suction surface oh I've seen you
use it before yeah if the bottom of them
is smooth yes this could actually work
really well cuz it's non-permanent but I
also have um double-sided tape and not a
word command
strips oh my God it's gone you're not
supposed to do that that's not how you
use command strips yes
sir well now that lonus is gone he's
trusting me to drill the hole ow I just
stepped on a
cable I'm the responsible one
I think I did somehow a way cleaner job
than your dad did mine looks fine his
looks like someone chewed through it
before your dad gets back let's pick up
all the garbage cuz I think we' gotten
to the point where like the cables are
all organized okay that's just making
more
garbage I get what lonus has to deal
with now it's like dealing with me hey
nice
fantastic works there are no cables
running across the floor
there are no cables running across the
floor
fantastic Elijah's just finishing up
yvon's machine and the only one we
didn't get to touch today is mine but uh
we which we did on purpose so we could
show you guys the contrast between the
before and after so conveniently ah I'll
do mine later what can't wait till later
is telling you about our sponsor Dennis
spends $1,200 on a graphics card only to
find out he's actually purchased just a
potato from a sketchy site he's not dumb
he just didn't use Jaa what's Jaa Jawa
is a marketplace where you can buy and
sell PC parts at reasonable prices from
reasonable Gamers no potatoes allowed
listing your PC parts is easy breezy
just upload some photos click a few
buttons slap on the shipping label and
get paid but say you want to sell your
GPU like today Jawa can give you an
instant quote and buy it from you
directly hassle-free and quicker than
you can say bangers and mash and mash
plus Jaa also works with a cur group of
verified sellers to offer all kinds of
PC parts some of them will even research
and build a custom rig for you now
Dennis doesn't overpay for potatoes be
like Dennis go check out Jawa at the
link below if you guys enjoyed this
video how about Alex D's upgrade yeah
that was a good one yeah it was a good
one go check it out